# Computer Science Capstone 2023-2024

<h2>Research Paper Abstract</h2>
This project aims to create an application to simplify the creation of web pages.  The application will allow any user, no matter their proficiency level in web design and programming, to create a prototype web page by engaging in conversational feedback with the application.  The ability for anyone of any skill level to generate a custom web page allows for benefits in both commercial and educational settings, such as increased efficiency of website development for companies or serving as a new platform for teachers to deliver content to students.  The application was designed to have two endpoints: one where projects are first created, and another to display projects and manage the creation and management of new generations from user feedback.  Projects created with this application were found to accurately follow the user requests and took 37.359 seconds to generate on average, with the average length of the code being 3472 characters.  Once feedback was provided, the application generated the given changes and took 34.626 seconds on average, with the standard deviation being 7.313 seconds.  A web page can be generated and refined a few times in under three minutes without having to depend on external parties such as developers and web designers and wait on development times.  However, the addition of JavaScript code generation in the future can increase user engagement.  With the current finished product, only the user and their creative thinking are needed to generate whatever webpage they desire in one sit down.